c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful.dll.config
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful.pdb
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\obj\Debug\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\obj\Debug\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful.dll
c:\users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful\obj\Debug\AppNinja_Grocery_Restful.pdb
